[3227. Vowels Game in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/vowels-game-in-a-string/)
Alice and Bob are playing a game on a string.

You are given a string `s`, Alice and Bob will take turns playing the following game where Alice starts **first**:

- On Alice's turn, she has to remove any **non-empty** substring from `s` that contains an **odd** number of vowels.
- On Bob's turn, he has to remove any **non-empty** substring from `s` that contains an **even** number of vowels.

The first player who cannot make a move on their turn loses the game. We assume that both Alice and Bob play **optimally**.

Return `true` if Alice wins the game, and `false` otherwise.

The English vowels are: `a`, `e`, `i`, `o`, and `u`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "leetcoder"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:**  
Alice can win the game as follows:

- Alice plays first, she can delete the underlined substring in `s = "**leetco**der"` which contains 3 vowels. The resulting string is `s = "der"`.
- Bob plays second, he can delete the underlined substring in `s = "**d**er"` which contains 0 vowels. The resulting string is `s = "er"`.
- Alice plays third, she can delete the whole string `s = "**er**"` which contains 1 vowel.
- Bob plays fourth, since the string is empty, there is no valid play for Bob. So Alice wins the game.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "bbcd"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:**  
There is no valid play for Alice in her first turn, so Alice loses the game.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= s.length <= 105`
- `s` consists only of lowercase English letters.


```java
class Solution {
    public boolean doesAliceWin(String s) {
        for (char ch : s.toCharArray()) if("aeiou".contains(""+ch)) return true;
        return false;
    }
}
```


```java
class Solution {
    public boolean doesAliceWin(String s) {
        Set<Character> hs = new HashSet<>();
        hs.add('a');
        hs.add('e');
        hs.add('i');
        hs.add('o');
        hs.add('u');
        for (char ch : s.toCharArray()) if(hs.contains(ch)) return true;
        return false;
    }
}
```

```java
class Solution {
    public boolean doesAliceWin(String s) {
        boolean[] hash = new boolean[123];
        hash['a'] = hash['e'] = hash['i'] = hash['o'] = hash['u'] = true;
        for (char ch : s.toCharArray()) if(hash[ch]) return true;
        return false;
    }
}
```

```java
class Solution {
    public boolean doesAliceWin(String s) {
        for (int i = 0; i < s.length(); i++) {
            char ch = s.charAt(i);
            if(ch == 'a' || ch =='e' || ch == 'i' || ch == 'o' || ch =='u') return true;
        }
        return false;
    }
}
```


```java
class Solution {
    public boolean doesAliceWin(String s) {
        for (int i = 0; i < s.length(); i++) {
            char c = s.charAt(i);
            switch(c) {
                case 'a', 'e', 'i', 'o', 'u' : return true;
            }
        }
        return false;
    }
}
```