[2211. Count Collisions on a Road](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-collisions-on-a-road/)

There are `n` cars on an infinitely long road. The cars are numbered from `0` to `n - 1` from left to right and each car is present at a **unique** point.

You are given a **0-indexed** string `directions` of length `n`. `directions[i]` can be either `'L'`, `'R'`, or `'S'` denoting whether the `ith` car is moving towards the **left**, towards the **right**, or **staying** at its current point respectively. Each moving car has the **same speed**.

The number of collisions can be calculated as follows:

- When two cars moving in **opposite** directions collide with each other, the number of collisions increases by `2`.
- When a moving car collides with a stationary car, the number of collisions increases by `1`.

After a collision, the cars involved can no longer move and will stay at the point where they collided. Other than that, cars cannot change their state or direction of motion.

Return _the **total number of collisions** that will happen on the road_.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** directions = "RLRSLL"
**Output:** 5
**Explanation:**
The collisions that will happen on the road are:
- Cars 0 and 1 will collide with each other. Since they are moving in opposite directions, the number of collisions becomes 0 + 2 = 2.
- Cars 2 and 3 will collide with each other. Since car 3 is stationary, the number of collisions becomes 2 + 1 = 3.
- Cars 3 and 4 will collide with each other. Since car 3 is stationary, the number of collisions becomes 3 + 1 = 4.
- Cars 4 and 5 will collide with each other. After car 4 collides with car 3, it will stay at the point of collision and get hit by car 5. The number of collisions becomes 4 + 1 = 5.
Thus, the total number of collisions that will happen on the road is 5. 

**Example 2:**

**Input:** directions = "LLRR"
**Output:** 0
**Explanation:**
No cars will collide with each other. Thus, the total number of collisions that will happen on the road is 0.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= directions.length <= 105`
- `directions[i]` is either `'L'`, `'R'`, or `'S'`.

# Using stack

```java
class Solution {
    public int countCollisions(String directions) {
        Stack<Character> st = new Stack();
        int count = 0;
        for(char ch : directions.toCharArray()) {
            if(st.isEmpty()) {
                st.push(ch);
                continue;
            }
            if(st.peek() == 'R' && (ch == 'S' || ch == 'L')) {
                st.pop();
                
                count += (ch == 'S')? 1:2;
                ch = 'S';
                while(!st.isEmpty() && st.peek() == 'R') {
                    count++;
                    st.pop();
                }
                st.push('S');
            }
            else if(st.peek() == 'S' && ch == 'L') {
                count++;
            } 
            else st.push(ch);

        }
        return count;
    }
}
```


OR

```java
class Solution {
    public int countCollisions(String directions) {
        int p = convertVal(directions.charAt(0));
        int count = 0;
        for(int i = 1; i < directions.length();i++) {
            int val = convertVal(directions.charAt(i));
            if(p > 0 && val <= 0) {
                if (val == -1) {
                    count += 2;
                    p--;
                }
                count += p;
                p = 0;
            }
            else if(p == 0 && val == -1) {
                count++;
            } 
            else {
                if(p > 0 && val == 1) p++;
                else p = val;
            }
        }
        return count;
    }
    private int convertVal(char ch) {
        if (ch == 'S') return 0;
        if (ch == 'L') return -1;
        return 1;
    }
}
```